detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime film called
no country for old men spoilers ahead
watch out and take care the film begins
with the sheriff reflecting on the
generations of sheriff that came before
him
and how differently the kind of crimes
and cases he was handling now
here he begins to talk of one such
particular case
a man in a black jacket is in cuffs
while being lead to a police car by a
young police officer
the only equipment he has with him is a
small hand-carried tank of pressurized
air
attached to a hose and a nozzle the two
of them drive to the nearby police
station
at the station the young officer is
talking with his superior over the phone
about the man he had arrested
as soon as he hung up the phone the man
in black used his metal cuffs to
strangle the police officer to death he
cleans up in the bathroom and leaves
the man in black steals a police vehicle
and heads to the road
he stops a random civilian out on his
car in the desert and asks him to step
out of the car
the civilian thinking he is a police
officer follows his instruction
the man in black then uses the nozzle of
his small air tank to shoot a blast of
pressurized air into the man's head
effectively murdering him elsewhere a
man and a cowboy had his hunting deer in
the desert
he makes a shot but it only grazes the
animal he goes down the hill to track
his prey but instead
he sees a black dog in the distance he
follows the dog to find what seemed to
be a drug deal gone wrong between some
mexicans
there were several cars and a slew of
dead bodies covered in bullet holes
he opens one of the cars and sees a
dying man asking for water
he takes the man's gun and inquires
about the surviving man of the shootout
the man in the hat sets out to look for
the survivor and finds him sitting at a
tree
the man moves closer to find that the
man by the tree is already dead and
beside him was a black briefcase
containing a large sum of money
the man takes the briefcase and the
man's pistol and sets out to go home
at his house he is greeted by his wife
carla jean who was inquiring about where
he got the briefcase on the pistol
the man in the hat is called the well in
that night llewellyn found difficulty
trying to sleep thinking about the dying
man he left in the car asking for water
so he sets out in the middle of the
night much to the concern of his wife
back at the area of the shootout lewin
brings a gallon of water to the car
but as he opened the car door he sees
that the man is already dead
over the distance he spots two men by
his car
they flatten its tires and head in the
wellin's direction
llewellyn runs and the men shoot at him
loyolan runs on foot and the two men
give chase in their truck
he gets shot in the shoulder and he
barely escapes through the river
he looks behind him to find the men's
attack dog following him
the moment he gets on land he his
gun and shoots the dog
meanwhile the man in black visits a
convenience store run by an old man
the man in black antagonizes the old man
with his strange and unsettling demeanor
finally the man in black asked the old
man what's the most he's ever lost in a
coin toss
the man in black tosses a coin and asks
the old man to call it
after some back and forth the old man
does what he has told and successfully
guess his heads
the man in black leaves the old man with
a coin emphasizing to him how valuable
that coin is
the old man is shocked by the encounter
not knowing how close he was to being
killed
back at the shootout area the man in
black arrives with two men in suits
implied to be the ones who own the
briefcase they continue to inspect the
place and investigate where llewellyn
might be
one of the men gives the man in black a
tracking device that is connected to the
briefcase containing the two million
after receiving the tracking device the
man in black shoots the two men dead
the following morning the sheriff
arrives near the scene of the shootout
he finds a car up in flames he's joined
by his fellow officer
wendell the sheriff successfully deduces
that the car was indeed the one that was
stolen by the man in black and is now up
in the wind with some other car that he
swapped
after surveying the area the two
officers find llewellyn's truck
the sheriff recognizes it and knows that
it belongs to llewellyn
finally they arrive at the scene of the
shootout the two officers investigate
the scene
they take it to be a drug deal gone
wrong but they also notice the two men
in suits and speculates that there may
have been more than one violent
encounter that went down
the man in black arrives at llewellyn's
house he knocks on the door and after
hearing no answer he aims his nozzle
directly at the door's lock and shoots a
blast of pressurized air to knock the
door lock into the room
it struck the wall leaving the mark when
he gets inside he finds the house
abandoned
he goes up to the fridge and takes a
glass of milk and sits down for a moment
the sheriff and officer wendell dropped
by at llewellyn's house shortly after
the man in black left
they inspect the area and notice the
dent left on the wall from the door lock
that was shot out
the sheriff notices that the glass of
milk that the man in black left on the
table is still cold
officer wendell is aggravated realizing
that they just missed him
llewellyn finds his way to a motel he
scans the room in search of a place to
hide the money
he sees a ventilator shaft ties a string
on the briefcase
and pushes it within the vents wendell
and the sheriff receive a lab report on
the dead bodies
both of them are unsettled and boggled
by the fact that one of the bodies had
an entry wound on the forehead
with no exit wound or a bullet the next
day llewellyn makes preparations for his
pursuers
he rents an additional room back at the
motel he stayed in room 139 and rented
room 137.
he strategically left room 138 vacant
later the man in black picks up a signal
on his tracker and finds his way to
llewellyn's motel
he surveys the area while watching the
beeping light on his tracker
he stops his car directly in front of
llewellyn's room
he goes to the counter and looks at the
motel map and proceeds to search the
rooms one by one
the man in black rents a room in the
motel he removes his shoes and takes out
his hand-carried tank of pressurized air
and walks towards room 138. while lawlen
was trying to fish the briefcase in the
vent with a tent pole
the man in black waits outside he shoots
off the door lock with the air tank and
barges in with a rifle
he finds a different man in room 138 and
shoots him dead
another man appears from the bathroom
and takes a shot at the man in black
but he outshoots him one more man was
hiding behind the shower curtain he begs
the man in black for his life but still
he murders him lewellen who was in the
room adjacent to him
hears the commotion in the other room
the man in black sits at the end of the
bed and removes his socks
he searches the room for the briefcase
and fixes his eyes on the ventilator
shaft
he unscrews the vent lid using a coin
and finds only skid marks left by the
briefcase
lewellen escaped and caught a ride by
hitchhiking in a large office
a man in a cowboy hat named mr.wells
enters the room
his boss asks if he knows anton
by sight
the two men discuss anton the
man in black
the person they originally hired to
track down their lost money and has now
betrayed them and acting out of his own
volition
mr.wells has been assigned to track down
both the money and anton
lewallen arrives at another motel called
eagle pass
he checks in and asks the man on the
counter to call him if any suspicious
men check in
in the middle of the night llewellyn
realizes that the briefcase might be
bugged
he finds the tracking device but before
he's able to discard it he heard a
suspicious noise outside his door
he moves quietly takes his shotgun and
poises it against the door
he shuts off his lamp and waits he sees
a man's shadow slip beneath the door
frame
anton now stands outside his
door anton blasts off the door lock and
it hits llewellyn in the chest
lewellen fires off his shotgun and anton
and jumps out the window
anton fires off another shot but misses
lowell encircles back at the motel
entrance and make his way to the back
alley anton isaman fires off another
shot from the window and it hits
llewellyn on his side
llewellyn runs and hides behind a corner
the street is empty
a truck passes by and llewellyn stops
the driver
he gets in the car but before he's able
to take off anton shoots the driver
llewellyn hits the gas and anton
continues to pelt the car with bullets
the car crashes and llewellyn gets off
and takes cover behind another car
he watches anton's reflection from the
nearby diner's glass windows
anton gets closer to inspect the car he
follows the trail of blood with his eyes
in a split second he realizes
llewellyn's direction and was able to
dodge a blow from his shotgun at the
right time
llewellyn unloads the shotgun if the car
anton hid behind
upon inspecting behind the car anton was
gone and had escaped
llewellyn bruised and bloody goes on
foot to cross the border to mexico
while walking on a sidewalk on the
bridge llewellyn happens upon a group of
young men
llewellyn offers 500 for a coat from one
of the men
desperate and afraid he throws the
briefcase from the side of the bridge
after successfully crossing the border
llewellyn faints and wakes up on a stone
staircase at a park in mexico
he is met by a band playing a mary song
llewellyn hands them money asking for
medical care
meanwhile anton tends to his own
wounds
he blows up a car near a pharmacy by
lighting a piece of cloth in the gas
tank
the explosion is enough to distract
civilians and the shopkeepers from
noticing anton steele medical materials
he goes into a hotel and picks off the
shrapnel lodged in his left thigh
at the police station the sheriff plan
on seeing carla jean and odessa to check
on her and to see if she knows anything
while this was happening llewellyn wakes
up in a hospital bed with mr.well
sitting in front of him
they discuss the money and anton
wells asked him to hand the money
otherwise he wouldn't help with chigurk
when llewellyn denies that he has the
money with him wells points out that
chigg might be after his wife carla jean
carson wells offers his assistance in
exchange for the money one last time
before leaving lewellen
in odessa the sheriff meets with carla
jean
when asked about llewellyn carla jean
tells the sheriff she doesn't
know where he is the sheriff wants to
offer llewellyn protection from the
people who are after him
before he goes the sheriff goes on and
tells carla gene about a specific type
of air gun used to slaughter animals
suddenly feeling uncomfortable carla
gene asks why the sheriff would tell her
such things
to which the sheriff responds i don't
know my mind wanders perhaps thinking of
anton
back in mexico carson wells retraces
llewellyn's steps and was able to locate
the briefcase from the side of the
bridge
he returns to his hotel room only to
find anton chigru waiting for him
wells tries to negotiate out of the
situation anton urges him to accept his
death knowing it's inevitable
anton asks wells if the rule you
followed brought you to this
of what use was the rule before they're
able to continue their conversation the
phone rings and anton shoots carson
anton picks up the phone and speaks with
llewellyn he gives llewellyn an
ultimatum to give up the money in an
exchange
anton will not hunt down and kill his
wife llewellyn rejects the deal and
threatens anton instead
loyolan crosses back to america
retrieves the money and buys a change of
clothes
loyolan gives carla gene a call to let
her know about the threat
he arranged for her to leave the country
so she could be safe until he deals with
chiggard
anton realized that the man who
originally owned the two million dollar
briefcase placed two tracking devices in
the briefcase and gave the other to the
mexicans
enraged anton storms into his office and
kills him
now both anton and the mexicans are
after llewellyn
autobus terminal to el paso carla jean
gives a call to the sheriff and offers
him lewellen's location to help him
while anton makes an attempt to track
down her location
llewellyn while walking in el paso
happens by a young woman by an apartment
building lounging under the sun
the woman offers lowell in a beer after
turning down her offer she insists
further
shortly after we see the sheriff rushing
into llewellyn's location
he sees a handful of civilians running
away from the apartment building
the sheriff's spots the woman llewellyn
was speaking to from earlier dead in the
pool
he rushes inside the apartment and finds
llewellyn already dead
killed by the mexicans later in the
night carla jean arrives at the scene
the sheriff only shares a look with her
as she realizes that her husband is gone
at a diner in el paso the sheriff and
the local police chief in el paso share
a conversation
and reflect on the increasingly violent
and ruthless crimes being done
the police chief notes that anton
returned to one of his crime scenes
this remark gave the sheriff an idea to
return and inspect the place where
llewellyn was killed
he is surprised to find that the door
lock was punched through
anton stood in silence behind
the door listening for the sheriff
the sheriff inspects the room looking
for chiggard but he finds nothing except
an open ventilation lid and a quarter
the sheriff visits an old friend of his
named ellis they discuss the sheriff's
plans to quit the job and is increasing
distress regarding the case with
llewellyn and sugar
ellis in response recounts a story of
another police offer that was gunned
down in his own house in front of his
wife
ellis tells the sheriff what he's
dealing with isn't anything new
that bad people have always existed in
the world and he has to accept it
when carla jean came home from her
mother's burial she found anton
waiting for her in her room
when she saw him she tells him she knew
it wasn't over carla jean tells anton
that she has no reason at all to harm
her anton replies that she's right but
he intends to follow through since
llewellyn refused to make a deal to keep
her safe
carla jean tells him she knew she was
going to die the moment she saw him in
the room because she knew he was crazy
anton then flips a coin because in his
twisted point of view it's the only
compromise he can make by putting her
fate to chance while at the same time
not going back on his word
outraged carla jean refuses to guess and
argues that anton kills of his own
choice and the chance does not play into
it
the next scene shows anton leaving carla
jean's house checking his shoes for
blood
while driving on his way out anton gets
hit by another car
two kids on a bike approach anton and he
pays for the kid's shirt to use as a
sling and walks away
the sheriff now retired shares breakfast
with his wife and tells her of some
dreams he had the night before
the first was about him and his father
but since his father died at a young age
it's as if he's much older than him in
the dream
the dream was about meeting him in town
someplace where he gave him money and he
lost it
in the second dream he and his father
were back in older times
they were on horseback and going through
a pass in the mountains
it was cold and snowing his father rode
past him and kept going without saying a
word
when he rode past he saw his father
carrying fire and a horn
he mentions he knew in the dream that
his father was going on ahead to make a
fire somewhere and he knew his father
would be there when he catches up to
where his father's going
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching